Base Graphics:
1. Basics of plotting in base graphics.
1. Part 1: Build a basic scatterplot, add title, multi line title, subtitle, x and y axis labels, shape of point character. 

2. Part 2: Changing color of points, title, axis text, axis labels, subtitle bg. 
Change size of all those.

3. Part 3: Add line of best fit, add text, margin text, legend, saving plot.

4. Line graphs, Box plots, Bar charts

5. Chart with multiple Y axes (also show Multiple lines in one chart)

6. Custom plot layouts

ggplot2:
1. ggplot2 Basics.
What makes ggplot2 significant (note: beautiful, themes and used by many packages)? How is ggplot2 different from base graphics. 
What are the pros and cons of ggplot? 
Important: before beginning to plot say that 'I will show you how layering works by making a simple scatterplot and adding a smoothing line to it. In next one we will learn how it all fits together.' Then show:   
How to draw a basic scatterplot using ggplot? add smoothing line and save the plot. - part 1, in ggplot_tuts.R

2. The ggplot workflow: The big picture
The last one gave a flavor of how to make a simple plot with ggplot. In this one we will learn the big picture.
The large number of functions in ggplot2 can be overwhelming. In this one we will understand  how the commands are structured and the overall workflow of ggplot, so you will be able to make any kind of ggplot and style it the way you want.
- Explain the overall workflow explained in gglot2_notes.txt.
- start from the scatterplot in previous video and show how to add title, axis titles, axies range, axis text size and angle, remove axis ticks and customise axis text.

3. Static and Dynamic Aesthetics

4. Themes

5. Legend

6. Multiple plots

7. Annotation

8. Layout: gridExtra

9. Geoms - part 1: Scatterplot, histogram, barplot, jitter, density

10. Geoms - part 2: Box plot, Violin plot, 

11. Geoms - part 3: line, timeseries, autoplot with ggfortify, ribbon

12. Geoms - part 4: errorbar, crossbar (http://docs.ggplot2.org/current/geom_errorbar.html)
